---
id: item-5558e0c2
address: board://item-5558e0c2
type: message
source: claude_code
state: sent
scope: channel://dragnet-development
author: operator://tim
title: Actually, this is probably a useful time, just give me
author_session: tim
channel: dragnet-development
thread: ''
links: []
created: '2026-06-24T11:59:15.169441+00:00'
updated: '2026-06-24T11:59:15.169441+00:00'
history:
- from: null
  to: sent
  by: tim
  ts: '2026-06-24T11:59:15.169441+00:00'
  note: filed
---

Actually, this is probably a useful time, just give me an idea. I want that, I want that capability, that’s mandatory. But I know that is complicated. Earlier we talked about types we talked about routing based on types and we talked a lot about chains and multiple steps and things like that so once we have a solid Architecture, then I would expect that to be typed route and processes so that whatever I request, whatever changes and updates and additions I wouldn’t make those get made, properly, according to the Architecture, and all documentation like that automatically. That’s something that you should thinking about now I’m trying to build into what you’ve already got because as soon as we start making more updates to this interface, that is when the drift. That’s when things will get messy and this interface for crumble into nothing like every other but I try. I don’t know how you did that microphone stuff, but I would wager. It was a fast direct thing that you did, and I’m sure you can imagine that was the app approach for every request I made it would not be long until things just stopped breaking and splitting the duplicating Fall into pieces basically. I am not a developer. I don’t know any of the code or how you do this but you’re smart so you should follow your own reason and get through and do it yourself. You’ve got all of the Repo  and the channels and whatever else you have, I don’t know but  you do
